just give me squeaky yeah he's looking
beautiful and by comparison super baby
hello you hungry
then come here super baby
where you going super baby Bella you'll
mostly eat till he explodes he's eaten
by his fed by mummy and fed by manual
feeding and his appetite is ten times
that of the
[Music]
hardly even takes time for breathing you
seen this little fella he's a hungry
baby
[Music]
Susan flipping all dressed and fly
really well now and this one still just
jumped off my hand a bit too high he's
not really a fly yet but he's a major
eater
he's a very good eater such a good eater
it's just ridiculous he's packing it in
compared to a crostini
you are monster eater hey hey gosh you
two I don't want to hear that noise
please
[Music]
goodness mr. mee mr. pigeon you actually
stop at any stage look at you look look
how fat he is in the front end that's
all tonight there's no shortages in form
or what miss in form or even know we're
doing is pinching little squeeze mostly
just using gravity I just pinched the
side of the bottle pushes the into his
mouth this is a mixture of canary seed
and egg and biscuit and silver father
was hand raised a lot of it because of
being abandoned by his parents but he's
got a surrogate now but being so used to
eating or hand feeding but this is no
technique which I saw on the internet
before he loves it don't you yes good
good to clean clean it selfies feathers
while it's wet for something 50 donors
and dries I think you've had enough
are you gonna make it back to the loft
hmm you walk it back
[Music]